c:\users\diana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Estimator\Estimator.WebUI\bin\Estimator.WebUI.dll.config
c:\users\diana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Estimator\Estimator.WebUI\bin\Estimator.WebUI.dll
c:\users\diana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Estimator\Estimator.WebUI\bin\Estimator.WebUI.pdb
c:\users\diana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Estimator\Estimator.WebUI\bin\Estimator.Model.dll
c:\users\diana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Estimator\Estimator.WebUI\bin\Estimator.Repository.dll
c:\users\diana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Estimator\Estimator.WebUI\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\diana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Estimator\Estimator.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\diana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Estimator\Estimator.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\diana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Estimator\Estimator.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\diana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Estimator\Estimator.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\diana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Estimator\Estimator.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\diana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Estimator\Estimator.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\diana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Estimator\Estimator.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\diana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Estimator\Estimator.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\diana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Estimator\Estimator.WebUI\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\diana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Estimator\Estimator.WebUI\bin\Estimator.Model.pdb
c:\users\diana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Estimator\Estimator.WebUI\bin\Estimator.Repository.pdb
c:\users\diana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Estimator\Estimator.WebUI\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\diana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Estimator\Estimator.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\diana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Estimator\Estimator.WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\diana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Estimator\Estimator.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\diana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Estimator\Estimator.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\diana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Estimator\Estimator.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\diana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Estimator\Estimator.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\diana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Estimator\Estimator.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\diana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Estimator\Estimator.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\diana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Estimator\Estimator.WebUI\obj\Debug\Estimator.WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\diana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Estimator\Estimator.WebUI\obj\Debug\Estimator.WebUI.dll
c:\users\diana\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Estimator\Estimator.WebUI\obj\Debug\Estimator.WebUI.pdb
C:\Users\Diana\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Estimator\Estimator.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Diana\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Estimator\Estimator.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Diana\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Estimator\Estimator.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Diana\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Estimator\Estimator.WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
